I work as a pioneer
and also as a commuter at Bethel.
I find this service to be very enjoyable.
However, because of my busy schedule,
at times I almost forget
to express my appreciation
to the brothers and sisters.
I wanted to express
my appreciation to my wife,
but I found myself
feeling bashful in doing so.
I knew something wasn’t quite natural.
Generally, expressing appreciation
is considered to be a virtue.
But I realized that I needed
some sort of stronger motivation.
Although all ten lepers
must have been grateful,
only one person returned to give thanks.
I suddenly realized
that even if I feel appreciative,
I might fail to express it.
Esau was an impatient man.
In contrast, David thought deeply
about how wonderful pure worship is.
I came to realize
that it is important to think deeply.
One sister was visiting
a very sick sister almost every day
to help her with shopping
and was looking after her very tenderly.
As I thought carefully
about why she was doing so much
and how she felt,
I felt deep appreciation well up in me.
Jehovah richly rewards us.
If Jehovah desires
to express his appreciation,
what kind of person am I
if I don’t show it from the heart?
Perhaps I might be thinking to myself
that I deserve to be appreciated,
since I am the one providing
for my family, aren’t I?
I started thinking
about how Jehovah wants to reward my wife.
That made me want to interact
with her with kinder words.
I feel that the way I look at her
and my facial expressions
are changing as well.
It gets easier
to resolve disagreements quickly.
I also feel that we are growing
closer and closer as a couple.
By expressing appreciation,
I feel very happy.
My relationship with brothers and sisters
within the congregation has gotten better,
and the bonds of friendship
between us are stronger.
I realized that the reason why
Jehovah encourages us
to express our appreciation
to others is for our happiness.
That drew me even closer to Jehovah.